what's going on folks its Nike and
welcome to an all new my gym episode we
got our point guard trade right in front
of our eyes and a lot of you guys have
voted for Patrick Beverley it was a
really close race between him and DJ
Augustine but at the end he took the
lead and he is going to be our new point
guard for the Los Angeles Lakers and as
an added bonus we're actually going to
save a little bit in salary space so
here we go I got another trade that I
decided to pull through
because Terrance Jones he has been
ballin lately for the Houston Rockets
and I'm hoping that he's going to be
that diamond in the rough that we're
going to shape into a strong strong
power forward maybe even a starter but
for now he is the kind of role player
that I'm already looking for for the
free agency low salary great role player
Terrence Jones hopefully is gonna be out
there beastin and in tonight's matchup
we are facing the Golden State Warriors
and they are certainly going to be a
tough tough opponent
Patrick Beverley looking good in that
Lakers uniform and you can see we
already running the offense through him
and DeAndre Jordan this is going to be
the future of the Los Angeles Lakers or
at least in my my GM series Patrick
Beverley Kobe Bryant DeAndre Jordan
Jared Dudley who is my goodness he has
definitely been one of those diamonds in
the rough that we have found so far
this dude Jared Dudley he is a beast on
defense and he just keeps on knocking
down those three-point shots
and right there we got our first basket
for Patrick Beverley looking good and
that is basically the reason why we got
him he got great speed he got great
quickness out there on the court he also
got a decent jump shot
we got lucky on that one I mean he is
not really the best 3-point shooter out
there but he's going to improve as this
series goes on but most importantly I
want to build this team up on defense
first and then defense leading to
offense
so Patrick Beverley is definitely the
way to go we want to play some defense
Terrence Jones with the first bucket in
this game looking good as a Los Angeles
Laker
and I'm kind of feeling like the New
York Knicks picking up all of the Denver
Nuggets players we're picking up most of
the Houston Rockets players haha but
Nick Young the beautiful slam dunk
coming off a double screen set by
Terrence Jones and Jordan Hill that was
a beautiful play and once every blue
moon we actually run a play to
perfection Jared Dudley deciding to take
that jump shot instead of finishing off
that play beautiful stuff and like I
said this dude is most certainly a
diamond in the rough so if you're
looking to pick up a great great role
player definitely look into mr. Jared
Dudley Kobe Bryant with the nasty nasty
slam dunk looking like Michael Jordan
out there look at him beautiful stuff
beautiful but unfortunately in tonight's
game this dude sub J Henry he was just
cold out there so I'm not sure if I
should put him on the trading blocks
next this dude was missing wide open
shots left and right and I don't know he
wasn't playing that good of a defense
and that basically led to it 12 point
lead for the Golden State Warriors so
now it is up to Nick Young look at him
taking it all the way to the basket
strong strong move but we're still down
by 10 points and with the shot clock
winding down at the end of the first
half look at Shannon Brown getting the
buzzer beater to fall yes this is the
reason why we got Janet Brown on this
squad he is the guy who is going to come
off the bench and spark a run here we go
folks down by 9 points we get a steal
and Patrick Beverley with the slam dunk
this dude is one of the fastest point
guards in this game and I didn't even
know about that until I played this game
DeAndre Jordan that should have been a
layup luckily he gets that offensive
board and the layup to fall but yeah I
don't want to see DeAndre Jordan pull up
for jump shots in this game Patrick
Beverley using that beautiful
pick-and-roll offense to create himself
a wide-open layup and here we go still
down by 13 points and it is time to turn
up folks I am running a lineup which
you're most likely not going to see in
the NBA anytime soon
Kobe Bryant at the point guard spot mitt
young at the shooting guard spot we got
Jared Dudley my sniper from outside at
the small forward spot and Terrance
Jones and Jordan Hill being the big man
out there and that is due to the fact
that they are great rebounders and they
love to go for all of those extra hustle
plays out there on the court and in case
I'm getting fouled both of them can
knock down free throws so here we go
Nick Young getting it to Jordan Hill he
gets the slam dunk to fall and this is
great basketball right here we are
currently down by six points and I'm
loving that we're slowly but surely
getting back into this game getting our
chemistry going even though right there
I was trying to alley-oop the basketball
to Shannon Brown the basketball still
ended up in his hand so we got another
two points and I'm loving it folks
I'm loving it mr. Powell Gasol with the
layup almost falling to the ground
look at him tumbling but he mends to
stay up and this is going to be another
episode or another discussion for the
next episode what I should do with Pau
Gasol but we're just going to run the
few games with him on this squad and
then we're going to decide on whether or
not to let him go but for now he's
actually doing a quite decent job out
there getting some rebounds getting to
the free-throw line but he is slow my
goodness people Pau Gasol is certainly a
slow player Kobe Bryant doing what he
does best out there on the court getting
a slam dunk still down by six points but
you already know what time it is it is
time to step up and get this game let's
go let's go Kobe let's win this game
tonight we faced a tough loss against
the Los Angeles Clippers and against
this Golden State Warriors team why not
get our first win of the season
Mick Young with the fast break dunk and
I was surprised about how slow he
actually ran in this game Andre Iguodala
knocking down one of those dagger jump
shots and look at him getting hype that
is not a good sign but on the other side
of the court we got Kobe Bryant going up
against Steph Curry driveling trying to
create a wide-open shot there we go
drive to the basket easy layup down by
two points with around 30 seconds left
in the game all we need is a stop
call me Brian great defense on Steph
Curry he misses the three-point shot and
who dangerous passed by Terrence Jones
right there but let's set this play up I
want to get Nick Young involved I want
to create a shot for Nick Young and
there we go he is wide open for the
three yes yes Nick Young gets the
three-point shot to fall we lead this
game by one point all we have to do is
get another stop Jeff carido oh my god
you have got to be kidding me
how did he get open like that six
seconds left on the game clock and no
more timeouts left we have to try and
create something but Kobe Bryant Oh No
picking up the dribble and we are taking
a terrible shot to end off this game and
unfortunately if we are going to walk
away with the loss out that one hurts
that one certainly hurt that is it for
tonight stay classy YouTube
cheers Mikey
[Music]